---
layout: page
title: About
nav_include: true
nav_order: 2
---

# Hello, World (Wide Web)!

My name is Brigham Campbell. The internet typically knows me by my username,
<samp>Xeyler</samp>.

I'm studying computer science at university in the western U.S. I like using
Linux, building mechanical keyboards, and learning Japanese in my spare time!
Note: I'm quite bad at all of these things.

I believe that practical coding experience and a strong understanding of data
structures, algorithms, and mathematics paired with good communication skills
makes a good computer scientist. By that metric, I'm an exceptionally sub-par
computer scientist, so I hope to improve my skills and gain experience as a
writer, mathematician, and writer of code.


## It's {{ 'now' | date: "%Y" }}, why are you writing a blog?

Recording my progress and notes on other things happening in the field by way
of a blog helps me keep track of my progress and share my ideas with people
like you!

Ultimately, I'm doing this __because I think I'll enjoy it__. Who cares if the
medium seems dated? If you still think blogs are too boring to read these days, then
just think of it as a hacker's notebook, or perhaps a {% include post/link.html
url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulletin_board_system" text="BBS" %}. Retro,
yo!

## So how *did* you build this website?

Ah, well I'm glad I asked for you!

At the moment, {% include post/link.html
url="https://github.com/Xeyler/xeyler.github.io" text="this site is hosted by
GitHub Pages" %}. Each time I push my code to GitHub, it's automatically
generated using {% include post/link.html url="https://jekyllrb.com/"
text="Jekyll" %}. On top of Jekyll sits Shopify's Liquid, a document templating
system, and kramdown, a simple markdown/html converter.

There's more to the mix, but it's probably a story best told by a separate
post at a different time.

## How can I contact you?

You can find me on Twitter or at the following email address. Please try
Twitter first as there's no guarantee you'll make it through my email's spam
filter.

{% include post/link.html
url="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?screen_name=Xeyler" text="@Xeyler" %}
{% include post/link.html url="mailto:me@brighamcampbell.com"
	text="me@brighamcampbell.com" %}
